honourable senators , last Tuesday here , what happened ?
a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of the committee .
and I expected the independent admits that it does not know too what to do with the Senate committee .
that will not strike so much for a moment .
the selection committee can show some impact .
on the work that a senator undertaking over the next two years .
it is a committee important , because , in principle , these new Senate committee in its actually sit some senators .
i am therefore presented to the sitting of the committee to yesterday was one of the new Senate to realize that indeed .
it was sent a replacement .
honourable senators , I will name people .
you can see that so I am kind ' t it ?
the Senate will have their own research to find that had been fault .
when one accepts an work , he has to do .
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven .
they have they remplissaient much more that the majority of the men in the Senate .
i remember as the hold the held that to the committee of veterans in February 1998 .
the Senate Ni or the House of Commons do here at that time .
all they sat in the proceedings of the committee , three senators of women .
the leadership of the committee could not find a person to the Senate .
i could cite word about , words , the hon. senator Carstairs took answer the question I asked .
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? "
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report .
that it was written on the parliamentary associations in 1993 .
The delegations at the time were made up only of men .
in that I would like to point out that I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years .
however , I expect want the opportunity to enter preferred my association .
honourable when the House , I do not know how or senators will be decision about these two reports .
each time that the Senate are on television verdict .
wondered or by a group of students , from journalists or other .
that if we do ?
it is true , and I will believe .
however , it should be translated in fact .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if a senator accept this position in a committee , he or she should participate in any meetings intended .
we are not of the House which we say in the corridors :
" Présentez do you in committee today and after two years of education , there is a final question in committee '' .
they do not even know what they are the same , they stand viewed when their leaders stand to them .
no they do not know what happened .
the words " senators , honourable continuité " and " dedication " is the way in our speech .
over the next two weeks , starting to reflect on the way we will address the Senate independent .
if we are the committee , I créerai my own are not of Parliament who are interested in the world affairs .
no one can we will try .
the Honour the Speaker :
if any other hon. Senator is you wishes to speak , is it the pleasure of honourable senators , to adopt the motion ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report agreed to )
